In this video we're going to start to work on our main landing page for our application.
So from a data standpoint this is going to be pretty straightforward considering everything that we've
already done inside this course.
Essentially all we have to do is get a listing of all of our different products and display them on
the screen.
The only hard part of this landing page is going to be figuring out the cart mechanics.
So really the Add To Cart button right there.
But to get started let's just start to create a couple of different files that we know that we're going
to need to show a listing like this.
So first off inside of our routes directory inside of routes directly as opposed to admin we're going
to create a new file called products that J.S..
So this is going to be our set of root handlers related to products that are exposed to all users of
our application up to this point we've been working on admin products not us and that had all the different
root handlers related to the admin dashboard so I know that having these two files named very similar
will be very confusing.
But at the end of the day this really is the best approach we are delineating between the purpose of
these two different files with the same name because one is inside the admin directory so inside of
our new product store J.S. file we can create a new router.
We're then going to associate some different routes with it export it and wired up to our main express
app back inside of index dot J.S..
We've gone through this process once before.
So let's go through it rather quickly now.
It's at the very top I'm going to first require an express
I'll then use that to create a new router
and then I'll associate a root handler with get.
So we're gonna say that the root root of our application so forward slash is going to show this big
listing of products.
So this is our home page to show a home page with express the root handler we're going to write out.
Is this right here.
So it's a get request to our root root then it pass in an async function.
I know it's going to be async because we're going to eventually want to get a listing of all of our
products out of our products repository inside of your then at the bottom.
We'll leave this thing empty for right now.
We'll do a module that exports of router let's save this.
Let's go back to our root index dot j ust file and we will wire up this router just as we have the other
two so inside of my root index not J.S. to get my products router roots products.
And now in this case you'll see that our naming terminology actually is a little bit harmful.
We have two routers that are really dealing with products.
So are we going to call one products router and the other products router.
Well no.
The first one is for our administrative functions.
So going to add in products admin router or better yet admin products router like so the first one because
it is dealing with admin administrative functions we'll call that one admin products router and the
new one will be simply products router to make sure that you require statement for the router we just
added is going to routes slash products no admin.
So this is the user facing products router then go down to our apt use we don't have to update the existing
apt use since we kind of just took over that variable name so instead I need to add in a new app not
use for admin products router so inside of here I'll do apt use admin products router OK let's save
this now we can go back over to our products file inside the roots directory.
So this is the one we just created and for now I'll just do a quick dot send of products like so let's
save this we'll go back over to our browser and test out this route route very quickly so go to a local
host three thousand and once there I'll see the text products appear on the screen.
Okay.
Simple enough.
Let's take a pause right here.
When we come back the next video we'll start to work on some different views for listing out these products.
We'll need to probably make sure that we also display a different layout as well because we want one
layout for our administrative functions and probably a different one entirely for all of our user facing
stuff as well so quick we'll get started on that in just a moment.